# First-Python-programming
Write the code for the following program. Mark would like to buy three different products where each of them has different discount as shown below: T-Shirt discount = %20. Trouser discount = %30. Laptop discount = %17. Your programme should do the following: (a) Write a Hello statement to Mark.  (b) Ask the user about the full price for each item and calculate the discount for each product.  (c) Calculate and print out the total price for the three products to be paid by Mark  (d) Use some simple User Interface elements, e.g., ____Write the code for the following program. Mark would like to buy three different products where each of them has different discount as shown below: T-Shirt discount = %20. Trouser discount = %30. Laptop discount = %17. Your programme should do the following: (a) Write a Hello statement to Mark.  (b) Ask the user about the full price for each item and calculate the discount for each product.  (c) Calculate and print out the total price for the three products to be paid by Mark  (d) Use some simple User Interface elements, e.g., ____Write the code for the following program. Mark would like to buy three different products where each of them has different discount as shown below: T-Shirt discount = %20. Trouser discount = %30. Laptop discount = %17. Your programme should do the following: (a) Write a Hello statement to Mark.  (b) Ask the user about the full price for each item and calculate the discount for each product.  (c) Calculate and print out the total price for the three products to be paid by Mark  (d) Use some simple User Interface elements, e.g., ____
